,Model,Iteration,Original text,Simplified_Text,BERTScore
0,gpt-4o-mini,1,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","Currently, it is challenging to understand the rationale behind predictions and how model parameters relate to biological processes. Additionally, individuals can only visually assess explanations for many principles. This raises a significant question: Can we deduce properties solely through observation, without conducting experiments? (Peters et al., 2017).",0.7728188633918762
1,gpt-4o-mini,2,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","Currently, it is challenging to understand why predictions are made or how model parameters relate to biological processes. Additionally, humans can only visually assess explanations, which can be difficult when there are many axioms to consider. This leads to an important question: Can we deduce properties solely from observations, without conducting experiments? (Peters et al., 2017).",0.7995033264160156
2,gpt-4o-mini,3,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","Right now, it's difficult to understand why predictions are made or how model parameters relate to biological processes. Also, people can only look at and check explanations visually. This is particularly challenging when there are many axioms. This leads to an important question: Can we figure out properties only from observations, without doing experiments? (Peters et al., 2017).",0.768243670463562
3,gpt-4o,1,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","Currently, it's challenging to explain why predictions are made or how model parameters demonstrate biological mechanisms. Another issue is that people can only verify explanations for many axioms by observing them. This raises a significant question: Can we understand properties without conducting experiments, based solely on observations? (Peters et al., 2017).",0.8016149401664734
4,gpt-4o,2,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","Currently, it's challenging to explain why predictions are made or how model parameters capture biological processes. Another issue is the limited human capacity to assess numerous axioms. Consequently, this raises a significant question: Can we determine specific properties solely through observation, without conducting experiments? (Peters et al., 2017).",0.7885048389434814
5,gpt-4o,3,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","Currently, it's challenging to explain why predictions are made or how model parameters demonstrate biological processes. Additionally, humans can only visually review explanations for many axioms. This raises an important question: Can we deduce properties solely from observation without conducting experiments? (Peters et al., 2017).",0.8176634907722473
6,gpt-4,1,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","Currently, it's challenging to comprehend why certain predictions are formulated, or how the parameters of a model can elucidate the underlying biological mechanisms. Another issue is that humans can only visually inspect or sift through explanations for a large number of axioms. This prompts a significant query: Can we derive properties solely from observations, without conducting any experiments? (Peters et al., 2017).",0.7945622205734253
7,gpt-4,2,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","Currently, understanding the basis for predictions or how model parameters reflect fundamental biological processes can be challenging. Additionally, individuals are often limited to visually inspecting or reviewing explanations for a large number of axioms. This raises a significant question: Can we discern properties directly from pure observations, without conducting any experiments? (Peters et al., 2017).",0.8176001310348511
8,gpt-4,3,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","Currently, it's challenging to clarify why predictions occur, or how a model represents real-life biology. Another issue is that people can only look at or review many rules. This provokes a significant question: Can we understand properties just from observations, without conducting any experiments? (Peters et al., 2017).",0.7599718570709229
9,gpt-4-turbo,1,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","Currently, it's challenging to understand why models make certain predictions or how their specific parameters reflect real biological processes. Another limitation is that people can only assess a large number of foundational assumptions visually. This method can be overwhelming and less precise, which leads to a significant question: Can we determine properties merely by observation, without conducting experiments? (Peters et al., 2017).",0.7612797021865845
10,gpt-4-turbo,2,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","Currently, it's hard to understand why predictions are made or how specific aspects of models represent biological mechanisms. Another problem is that people can only visually assess a large number of fundamental principles or explanations. This leads to a big question: Can we determine properties just by observing, without doing experiments? (Peters et al., 2017).",0.7967373728752136
11,gpt-4-turbo,3,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","Currently, it's difficult to comprehend why specific predictions are made or how the parameters of a model mirror biological processes. Moreover, humans can only review a vast number of fundamental principles visually. This raises an important question: Can we identify properties or characteristics solely through observation, without conducting experiments? (Peters et al., 2017).",0.7671878933906555
12,gpt-3.5-turbo,1,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","Explaining predictions and how model parameters represent biological mechanisms is challenging. Humans struggle to visually evaluate or review explanations for numerous axioms. This raises a crucial question: Can we establish properties solely from observations, without conducting experiments?",0.7163634896278381
13,gpt-3.5-turbo,2,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","It can be challenging to explain why predictions are made or how model parameters represent biological mechanisms. Many axioms can only be visually assessed or reviewed for explanations. This raises the question: Can we establish properties solely from observations, without the need for experiments?",0.7019691467285156
14,gpt-3.5-turbo,3,"Currently, explanations of why predictions are made, or how model parameters capture underlying biological mechanisms are elusive. A further constraint is that humans are limited to visual assessment or review of explanations for a (large) number of axioms. This result in one of the main question: Can we deduce properties without experiments—directly from pure observations? (Peters et al., 2017).","It can be difficult to understand why predictions are made and how model parameters reflect biological mechanisms. Another challenge is that people can only depend on explanations or reviewing principles visually. This raises a fundamental question: Can we determine properties without conducting experiments, solely by observing things directly? (Peters et al., 2017).",0.7786275744438171
